Add decoding for diva delegation (#6452)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :feature:`-`  The database size for users who have EVM transactions of any chain is now greatly reduced. Some databases had a reduction of up to 40%.
* :feature:`6033` Optimism gas calculation is now correctly taking into account L1 gas fees.
* :feature:`-` Optimism governance votes that include parameters should now be decoded properly.

> * :feature:`-` Delegations of the DIVA token are now properly shown in the decoded history events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`-` DIVA token airdrop claim and delegations are now properly shown in the decoded history events.
```
